hello and welcome to this video
to start well in lalita today
we will learn to easy agreement
who is the minor really
the easy agreement par excellence because
you only have two fingers to put on
your guitar and it's really very
very simple before starting this agreement
just want to inform you that you can
download the unica guide remaining
beginners who is free to address
which indicated at the bottom of the video there you
just enter your bar
navigation to land on the page that
will download them leave
after you can target on youtube there
is possible that you can watch
the description and had to have a link
which leads us directly to the page
from which you can
download the book here is my pass to
another agreement eight miners
this is the way to France created your
guitarist's guide and the mutants if
you do not know yet that you
have found the name of many
songs to start well guitar-ray
easy songs for beginners
agreements as point as beginner
so a lot of chords easy to play
and lots of little tips for
progress quickly to the habitat I
tell you see you soon
if you liked the video do not hesitate to
vote on the building site
i like to vote on youtube you
can also share it because
if it aims to help you I you
thank you for your attention and I
see you soon